---
title: FUCK YOU Official Remix Competition!
preview: "<iframe width=\"560\" height=\"315\" src=\"http://www.youtube.com/embed/w202nesAMEA\" frameborder=\"0\" allowfullscreen></iframe>"
haspreview: "true"
layout: post
---

That's right, now is your chance to get your hands on some stems by 23, and have your hand at flexing your production muscles in an effort to win cash prizes, and be on an official release sponsored by Heavy Artillery Recordings!

"You can download the stems here":http://www.mediafire.com/?7292gap2p38zdah

The stems are provided under a BSD License, which basically means you can do whatever you want with them, however, to qualify for the competition, you must follow the rules:
<br />
<br />

h1. RULES

<hr />

- Your track should remain private until the end of the competition! I encourage you to post previews of approximately 1:30 in length, but don't get your track leaked, because it can potentially be released on Beatport and the like!
- Any genre is valid, however if you're going to do dubstep, it better be damn good.
- By entering it into the competition, you are allowing me the right to release it on a release with my forthcoming Fuck You VIP.  I will take none of your money from sales. If you have any problems with this, just talk to me, I'm a pretty understanding fellow.
- Anyone can enter.
- Contest will be judged by a panel of judges including 23, to remove bias.

<br />
<br />

h1. ENTRY

<hr />

"Dropbox your track to me":http://soundcloud.com/23e/dropbox/profile

"Or email it to me":mailto:23@derpstep.com

Submissions must be made by November 30th, 11:59pm

h1. PRIZES

<hr />

Right now, the Prizes are as follows:

- 1st Place: $75
- 2nd Place: $50
- 3rd Place: $25

ALL WINNERS will be included on a Heavy Artillery Recordings official release in all major music stores!

More prizes may be announced as time passes, so keep your eyes open!

Have fun, and happy remixing!
